---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akp_clusters Data Source - akp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets information about all clusters attached to an Argo CD instance
---

# akp_clusters (Data Source)

Gets information about all clusters attached to an Argo CD instance

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "akp_instance" "example" {
  name = "test"
}

data "akp_clusters" "example" {
  instance_id = data.akp_instance.example.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_id` (String) Argo CD instance ID

### Read-Only

- `clusters` (Attributes List) List of clusters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters))
- `id` (String) Argo CD instance ID

<a id="nestedatt--clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters`

Required:

- `instance_id` (String) Argo CD instance ID
- `name` (String) Cluster name

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations
- `id` (String) Cluster ID
- `kube_config` (Attributes) Kubernetes connection settings. If configured, terraform will try to connect to the cluster and install the agent (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters--kube_config))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels
- `namespace` (String) Agent installation namespace
- `remove_agent_resources_on_destroy` (Boolean) Remove agent Kubernetes resources from the managed cluster when destroying cluster
- `spec` (Attributes) Cluster spec (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--clusters--kube_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters.kube_config`

Read-Only:

- `client_certificate` (String) PEM-encoded client certificate for TLS authentication.
- `client_key` (String, Sensitive) PEM-encoded client certificate key for TLS authentication.
- `cluster_ca_certificate` (String) PEM-encoded root certificates bundle for TLS authentication.
- `config_context` (String) Context name to load from the kube config file.
- `config_context_auth_info` (String)
- `config_context_cluster` (String)
- `config_path` (String) Path to the kube config file.
- `config_paths` (List of String) A list of paths to kube config files.
- `host` (String) The hostname (in form of URI) of Kubernetes master.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Whether server should be accessed without verifying the TLS certificate.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password to use for HTTP basic authentication when accessing the Kubernetes master endpoint.
- `proxy_url` (String) URL to the proxy to be used for all API requests
- `token` (String, Sensitive) Token to authenticate an service account
- `username` (String) The username to use for HTTP basic authentication when accessing the Kubernetes master endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--clusters--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters.spec`

Read-Only:

- `data` (Attributes) Cluster data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters--spec--data))
- `description` (String) Cluster description
- `namespace_scoped` (Boolean) If the agent is namespace scoped

<a id="nestedatt--clusters--spec--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters.spec.data`

Read-Only:

- `app_replication` (Boolean) Enables Argo CD state replication to the managed cluster that allows disconnecting the cluster from Akuity Platform without losing core Argocd features
- `auto_upgrade_disabled` (Boolean) Disables agents auto upgrade. On resource update terraform will try to update the agent if this is set to `true`. Otherwise agent will update itself automatically
- `datadog_annotations_enabled` (Boolean) Enable Datadog metrics collection of Application Controller and Repo Server. Make sure that you install Datadog agent in cluster.
- `eks_addon_enabled` (Boolean) Enable this if you are installing this cluster on EKS.
- `kustomization` (String) Kustomize configuration that will be applied to generated agent installation manifests
- `managed_cluster_config` (Attributes) The config to access managed Kubernetes cluster. By default agent is using "in-cluster" config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters--spec--data--managed_cluster_config))
- `redis_tunneling` (Boolean) Enables the ability to connect to Redis over a web-socket tunnel that allows using Akuity agent behind HTTPS proxy
- `size` (String) Cluster Size. One of `small`, `medium` or `large`
- `target_version` (String) The version of the agent to install on your cluster

<a id="nestedatt--clusters--spec--data--managed_cluster_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clusters.spec.data.managed_cluster_config`

Read-Only:

- `secret_key` (String) The key in the secret for the managed cluster config
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the secret for the managed cluster config
