---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akp_cluster Resource - akp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a cluster attached to an Argo CD instance.
---

# akp_cluster (Resource)

Manages a cluster attached to an Argo CD instance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "akp_instance" "example" {
  name = "test"
}

resource "akp_cluster" "example" {
  instance_id = data.akp_instance.example.id
  name        = "test-cluster"
  namespace   = "test"
  labels = {
    test-label = true
  }
  annotations = {
    test-annotation = false
  }
  spec = {
    namespace_scoped = true
    description      = "test-description"
    data = {
      size                  = "small"
      auto_upgrade_disabled = true
      target_version        = "0.4.0"
      kustomization         = <<EOF
  apiVersion: kustomize.config.k8s.io/v1beta1
  kind: Kustomization
  resources:
  - test.yaml
            EOF
    }
  }

  kube_config = {
    config_path = "test.kubeconfig"
    token       = "YOUR TOKEN"
  }

  # When using a Kubernetes token retrieved from a Terraform provider (e.g. aws_eks_cluster_auth or google_client_config) in the above `kube_config`,
  # the token value may change over time. This will cause Terraform to detect a diff in the `token` on each plan and apply.
  # To prevent constant changes, you can add the `token` field path to the `lifecycle` block's `ignore_changes` list:
  #  https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/meta-arguments/lifecycle#ignore_changes
  lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = [
      kube_config.token,
    ]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_id` (String) Argo CD instance ID
- `name` (String) Cluster name
- `namespace` (String) Agent installation namespace
- `spec` (Attributes) Cluster spec (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations
- `kube_config` (Attributes) Kubernetes connection settings. If configured, terraform will try to connect to the cluster and install the agent (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kube_config))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels
- `remove_agent_resources_on_destroy` (Boolean) Remove agent Kubernetes resources from the managed cluster when destroying cluster

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Cluster ID

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `data` (Attributes) Cluster data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--data))

Optional:

- `description` (String) Cluster description
- `namespace_scoped` (Boolean) If the agent is namespace scoped

<a id="nestedatt--spec--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data`

Required:

- `size` (String) Cluster Size. One of `small`, `medium` or `large`

Optional:

- `app_replication` (Boolean) Enables Argo CD state replication to the managed cluster that allows disconnecting the cluster from Akuity Platform without losing core Argocd features
- `auto_upgrade_disabled` (Boolean) Disable Agents Auto Upgrade. On resource update terraform will try to update the agent if this is set to `true`. Otherwise agent will update itself automatically
- `kustomization` (String) Kustomize configuration that will be applied to generated agent installation manifests
- `redis_tunneling` (Boolean) Enables the ability to connect to Redis over a web-socket tunnel that allows using Akuity agent behind HTTPS proxy
- `target_version` (String) The version of the agent to install on your cluster



<a id="nestedatt--kube_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kube_config`

Optional:

- `client_certificate` (String) PEM-encoded client certificate for TLS authentication.
- `client_key` (String, Sensitive) PEM-encoded client certificate key for TLS authentication.
- `cluster_ca_certificate` (String) PEM-encoded root certificates bundle for TLS authentication.
- `config_context` (String) Context name to load from the kube config file.
- `config_context_auth_info` (String)
- `config_context_cluster` (String)
- `config_path` (String) Path to the kube config file.
- `config_paths` (List of String) A list of paths to kube config files.
- `host` (String) The hostname (in form of URI) of Kubernetes master.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Whether server should be accessed without verifying the TLS certificate.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password to use for HTTP basic authentication when accessing the Kubernetes master endpoint.
- `proxy_url` (String) URL to the proxy to be used for all API requests
- `token` (String, Sensitive) Token to authenticate an service account
- `username` (String) The username to use for HTTP basic authentication when accessing the Kubernetes master endpoint.
